 I will never be this young again. Ever. Oh damn… I just got older. The shooter says goodbye to his love. This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent The memory we used to share is no longer coherent. Please wait outside of the house. I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks. Where do random thoughts come from? I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn’t good enough. Let me help you with your baggage. If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it. The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog. We have a lot of rain in June. She did her best to help him. Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone. Christmas is coming. Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same. This is a Japanese doll. What was the person thinking when they discovered cow’s milk was fine for human consumption… and why did they do it in the first place!? Wednesday is hump day, but has anyone asked the camel if he’s happy about it? The old apple revels in its authority. I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches. Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English. Should we start class now, or should we wait for everyone to get here? I want more detailed information. A glittering gem is not enough. I'd rather be a bird than a fish. I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me. Hurry! She advised him to come back at once. She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it. We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa. I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert. She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it. If the Easter Bunny and the Tooth Fairy had babies would they take your teeth and leave chocolate for you? Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be. Last Friday in three week’s time I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard. He told us a very exciting adventure story. The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other. There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable. She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels. Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived. I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why. The mysterious diary records the voice. I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was. She folded her handkerchief neatly. Rock music approaches at high velocity. The stranger officiates the meal. Is it free? There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store. Tom got a small piece of pie. Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them. The body may perhaps compensates for the loss of a true metaphysics. Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof. I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive. Don't step on the broken glass. Sixty-Four comes asking for bread. The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight. He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker. He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there. My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do. I hear that Nancy is very pretty. They got there early, and they got really good seats. It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet. I checked to make sure that he was still alive. Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all. The book is in front of the table. When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand. I still remember it quite vividly. The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling. Wow, does that work? She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us. How was the math test? She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do. I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated. We need to rent a room for our party. I am never at home on Sundays. Mary plays the piano. If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It’s really not as bad as it sounds. He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class. 
